Help,Help
Help,Help
Download,Download
Sort by,Sort by
about,about
New Download,New Download
Resume,Resume
Pause,Pause
Cancel,Cancel
Remove,Remove
Open,Open
Setting,Setting
Exit,Exit
Name(Ascending),Name(Ascending)
Name(Descending),Name(Descending)
Size(Ascending),Size(Ascending)
Size(Descending),Size(Descending)
Date(Ascending),Date(Ascending)
Date(Descending),Date(Descending)
Remove from queue,Remove from queue
Move up,Move up
Move down,Move down
Start Queue,Start Queue
Add to queue,Add to queue
Search,Search
Processing,Processing
Completed,Completed
Queue,Queue
All downloads,All downloads
Look and feel,Look and feel
infinite,infinite
finite,finite
number of downloads at same time,number of downloads at same time
Path,Path
Brows,Brows
Unauthorized sites list,Unauthorized sites list
Add,Add
Remove,Remove
Save,Save
Number of download at same time can not be less than one!,Number of download at same time can not be less than one!
Number of download at same time is less than number of downloads is processing!,Number of download at same time is less than number of downloads is processing!
Error,Error
JDM could not save your change!,JDM could not save your change!
Are you sure to cancel download?,Are you sure to cancel download?
Name,Name
Size,Size
Downloaded,Downloaded
Speed,Speed
URL,URL
Save To,Save To
Date,Date
JDM could not find file of your queue!,JDM could not find file of your queue!
JDM could not find file of your all downloads!,JDM could not find file of your all downloads!
JDM could not find file of your saved setting!,JDM could not find file of your saved setting!
You can not open file before Before completing downloading!,You can not open file before Before completing downloading!
select look and feel,select look and feel
English,English
Pension,Pension
More,More
New download,New download
For Change language you should run JDM again!,For Change language you should run JDM again!
Download now,Download now
Download in queue,Download in queue
OK,OK
You do not enter any URL!,You do not enter any URL!
You entered a unauthorized URL!,You entered a unauthorized URL!
Number of download at same time is less than number of downloads is processing!,Number of download at same time is less than number of downloads is processing!
select language,select language
General,General
You have a download with this name! Change name.,You have a download with this name! Change name.
there is a problem in connection!,there is a problem in connection!
Number of downloads at same time is more than you select in setting!,Number of downloads at same time is more than you select in setting!
Export,Export